the savings in money and time to commerce will be huge.
$ 220 a month for five years is a pretty fucking awesome start to her university savings.
the cost savings from staying away from the i7 far outweigh the difference in performance.
either way, the amount of savings would actually have a pretty huge impact on the problem.
amassing savings and spending some time dedicated solely to job hunting is, a better idea.
do not put savings in tradeable commodities (this is the most difficult, especially retirerment savings.)
by definition, this is bad for the economy, but more people should have that safety cushion of savings.
though - - storing your savings in something like food, silver, gold, etc is a better idea
not much of a cost savings although never having used iodophor i do not know for sure.
let me also add an emergency savings is usually pointless at this stage too.
$ 6 beers are not really savings, sierra gold/pt 's you can have a 32 oz draft (i typically get stone ipa) for $ 3
 i savings bonds  are at 4.60 % right now, pretty good.
we also do save for a house mostly in a savings account.
edited to add : being frugal is not just about short term gains but long term health and savings.
the 6770 is really poor graphics/quality and not worth the $ 50 savings.
which is good for long-term savings.. and habitual spenders like myself.. =)
24 % into retirement accounts and 5 % into a high yield savings (1.25 % apy emergency fund) is not too shabby at 24.
with interest rates as low as they are today on savings, and with really unpredictable stock market swings, this is great advice.
how much do you weigh : weight savings does not mean much if you  are 200+.
reusing drives (ssd or mechanical) is totally a crazy move and never, ever worth the savings.
lower insurance rates, gas savings, and there 's a cool factor (think how sleeper wagons can be cool).
those kinds of savings when you  are working to a budget can easily mount up.
higher risk-free interest is needed to stimulate savings and to avoid credit recessions.
the potential cost savings from using rice is too small, when i know grindz works very well...
trying to display a weekly savings plan in a semi-monthly payment schedule does not really work (52 weeks and 24 paychecks).
the better reasons are the moveset and the weight savings you get vs. great club which can then be applied to better armor/shield.
there is little point to saving money other than security, and my small savings provides that.
money market is basically too safe... better off with a high interest savings acct.
the initial savings from going white box would not be enough to offset the long term risks.
a part time job should get you the most basic things in life, : food, clothing, shelter, health care, and savings for retirement.
the best solution is you each have your own accounts, but a joint account for bills and group savings.
there could be some savings but that is not the largest issue.
the small added value he might have over those guys is hugely outweighed by the savings made cap wise.
the cost savings on dedicating panels of people to determine which treatments should be okay for which situations would be negligible at best.
posted this a while back, but time savings is only a single factor among many behind the importance of scripting.
building up a sufficiently-stocked emergency savings fund with 4-8 months of expenses is one of the best investments you can make.
bonds are fine as well, but i use a simple savings account.
life savings essentially means to me what you  are gon na leave to your heirs.
savings rates are terrible, the best thing to do is think about how to increase how much of your income goes to savings.
the real savings in costco come in less trips to the store for incidentals.
we  are talking down payment here, i 'd prefer liquid savings backed by the fdic to reduce risk of loss to essentially zero.
however, she would also be putting quit a bit of money into principal on the house, which, is a form of savings.
fire code a lot less cost per life considering the savings of cities nor burning down
only found out about de shaving recently.. huge savings can be made changing, and a much better result
yeah, giving her all your savings would reinforce her relying on other people.
no savings, no pensions, no lending, could lead to such a scenario.
:) we were living off savings and investments and i 've mentioned some of the highlights in other answers.
replacing hard drives is never much fun and not worth the few dollars in savings.
randle could be an understandable cut, but he 's still on a near-minimum contract so there 's no savings to be had anyways.
as such, at least some public guarantee should be extended to protect average people 's savings.
if you believe in the original meaning of christmas, the separation is a great idea.
the whole " suprise " element of christmas goes away because of my fairly specific geeky wants but that 's ok.
the christmas episode was by far the funniest... i must have laughed two, maybe 3 times.
christmas is pretty far down on the list of things to worry about.
definitely the republicans are capitalizing on this wholesale of fear, especially in the last few days since christmas (with chertoff winning the most-unabashed-and-unashamed-profiteering award,).
now this is the kind of music i want to hear around christmas :
again, if you are not a christian, than ( --) choosing to keepthe christmas holiday is hypocritical.
last night 's christmas number was great....their musical numbers are one of the high points of the show.
also, what kongy said, wait until after christmas for the best deals on parts.
people who saying (which are most christians,) that this season is the " christmas " season is a selfish and ignorant point of view.
close second : dr. christmas jones from the world is not enough.
the movies you mentioned, along with vacation and christmas vacation, are the only funny chevy chase movies.
 merry christmas  does not have to mean " omg celebrate christ ! ! ! !
extras has to be his best work, the christmas special was genius !
best time to go to disney, is during mickey 's very merry christmas.
christmas eve services are the only tolerable ones, because of the awesome music
the year we received the nintendo 64 will forever be the best christmas we ever had.
christmas works far better as a humanist holiday than a theistic one
oh i believe in giving gifts to kids because, christmas is for children.
christmas, even minus the religious meanings, has good attributes in theory but has been too commercialized.
not a tv show, but, a christmas story is the best christmas movie ever made.
seriously, christmas barely has anything to do with religion or christianity any more.
one of the best christmas songs that you can listen to all year round.
if they keep running gee out there he is going to keep getting lit up like a christmas tree.
the christmas specials are generally not as good as the rest of the season, so 10 's first episode was already kind of doomed.
while " christmas gifts x " would not be a great target, combining your converting keywords with sale/special/deal verbiage is a great target.
the presents are the christian holiday and christmas has evolved from a baby being born.
christmas is better when you have kids than when you are a kid.
president obama vacations there every christmas for the last four years (and hopefully four more).
still a waste of money ; i only buy the christmas ones to put as the to/from card on my presents.
go for 2 months, christmas and new years in the middle, you will be reborn.
what child is this by caroline b. cooney is a heart warming christmas story
a four day trip on christmas with in laws, is unreasonable.
check for icicle christmas ornaments, or maybe build the icicles out of hotglue somehow.
pros only use them because they are sponsored by them, there 's better things you can use your christmas money on.
its alright i guess, no guests and no pants, 2nd best kind of christmas
haha me neither but these are the best christmas kicks this season.
around christmas we had mint chocolate chip and for halloween we had reese 's pieces double chocolate which is the best cookie eeverr
moffat was always hit or miss (mostly miss) but this last season, excluding the christmas special, was really hard to get through.
halloween was a great movie and better than bob clark 's film, but carpenter drew a lot of inspiration from black christmas.
the one exception, but christmas time had something about 80 % as good for every front page one
it even crossed into non cannon episodes (the christmas rapture episode, which was one of the best episodes ever)
if you have kids, i understand because christmas is for them.
special dinners and christmas presents can wait, i care more about a hypothermic dog or a cat that ate too much christmas tree garland.
more fun than christmas :) have fun and enjoy yourself !
the new batman is basically christmas oriented, batman : arkham origins
the crusade to " keep christ in christmas " is the renewed attempt to subvert an inclusive seasonal feast for sectarian purposes.
still, not quite as ridiculous as some of the puzzles in a " lateral thinking " book i once got for christmas...
second this -- definitely go with some higher end brands for a christmas gift.
which is ridiculous as wishing someone a happy christmas should not cause anyone offense no matter what their religion/lack of one.
a lot of what 's in the bible does not make sense any more, and neither does the 2nd ammendment.
personally, i think heaven and hell are two of the concepts that most people (incorrectly,) take very literally out of the bible.
the god i believe in only loves and loves unconditionally, which is an improvement on the wrathful vengeful god of the bible.
these are pretty simple ideas, and the bible does not do much to bring them to the level of " complex, ".
exactly, prosperity doctorine is a classic example of how people can use the bible to justify anything they like.
which explains much of the content of the ot and the bible in general.
and as the bible says, seek and ye shall find (assuming theyre christian, this is a great line haha).
if jesus was god in the flesh, then this is something we should expect from the bible.
buddhism teachings such as fulfillment comes from within parallel the bible but without most of the extra stuff and what christianity should be.
the bible is rather simple to understand ; yet the vast majority of christians don't.
women are not inferior to men, and the bible never says that or, even gives that impression.
gutenberg printed up a collection of dirty limericks as soon as he was done with the bible.
the single most important one is not to use the bible as a source.
one of the best lessons of the bible, do not do good stuff just to get people to notice you.
also most american " christians " do not read enough of the bible.
hmm that passage seems to be translated very differently in different versions of the bible, this is the one i found :
the bible has a lot of good rules like that given the context of time.
there are certain, horrible stories in the bible that are never ever ever talked about in church.
the bible seems to indicate he does (not that he exists) and many people reflect that hate.
a) because the bible forbids jews to create new species of animal (technically through cross breeding, but gmo is a much more explicit violation)
admitting that the bible has to be interpreted, is a weakness of the bible.
actually... mentioned the bible within earshot of r/atheism takes some serious stones
the good guy in the bible was kind of a homo.
any christian who is an entirely good person, would have to be defying the bible.
rationality, would necessarily mean discarding the bible as an acceptable source.
is disingenuous to call yourself christian and not actually follow or believe the bible.
if our understanding of reality changes then at least, one should change their understanding of the bible.
thenarrowpath.com a teacher named steve gregg does a great job going through every single book of the bible.
using christianity and/or the bible as an excuse for anything, is bullshit.
attacks on jesus from the non-religious have to do with the malevolent message of the bible, both ot and nt.
none of that proves that the jesus in the bible actually existed.
there is just too much nonsense in the bible to make that work.
the bible 's total obsession with sex is one of the most compelling evidences of the human origins of the bible.
manfred schroeder 's fractals, chaos, and power laws is the bible
the bible teaches to lead life a good way to respect others and just be a good person.
we have the truth of the fundamental conceptions in the bible :
one of the worst books in the bible has to be job (old test.)...
the epic of gilgamesh is way harder to read than the bible.
well, if you believe the bible, then that makes sense... this attempt at mockery seems a bit lazy.
the bible is a ridiculously complicated and " stupid " metaphor.
our professor turned to us and said, the best sum up of the first few parts of the bible.
reading the bible with an open mind is the best way to go about this.
being a philosophy major, i 'm sure that you have read the bible -- the best argument against christianity.
there 's another (far more reasonable too) option though too : the bible is not an accurate historical document.
(no evidence the jews were slaves in egypt, tyr was rebuilt despite the bible prophecy, etc)
call me crazy all you guys want, but the story of the bible is explained through the stars.
the bible is quite clear on this being the case, but in a few instances the idea that works come from faith is mentioned.
those who truly have read the bible and stay with their faith have shut their brains off !
 but to be honest the bible is just a story 
2) it would be a good thing if god and the bible were true.
txipirones, bacalao, pintxos, chuleton should beat tortilla, gazpacho, fetal pig and garlic soup.
converting the titles into straightforward initialisms in this case makes for a nasty case of alphabet soup that 's hard to read and parse.
3) kale / other hearty greens - chop and freeze in gallon bags and then toss in a soup later in the winter
the op 'sstrawberry soup is pretty nice and easy too, although needs some tweaking.
there 's several restaurants and the chicken tortilla soup from choza taqueria is some of the best stuff on the planet.
do not be lazy... homemade bone soup is worth the time required.
chinese - royal sichuan, fortune house (they have the best soup dumplings in dallas)
defiler souped up to the max is the best bike in the game,
there definitely can be huge variations in this simple soup, for example op used enoki mushrooms which is delicious in this soup.
breaks are important to keep your eyes focused and not get headaches so make some soup or get a pizza.
learning how to make homemade sauces and soups is pretty valuable.
great cheap tomato soup for a quick grilled cheese and tomato soup combo.
dungeon crawl stone soup is awesome and does this kind of gameplay best.
just do not do 30 reps with a soup can, that 's a waste of time.
pork is really good in a lot of soups that call for chicken, actually, but the flavor is much deeper and better than chicken.
covenant are really souped up contracts, so not telling everything is entering in bad faith.
now rt fans have no gaming centered podcast but i guess we have dude soup which is very different in tone of the patch.
the difference between lsd and 25i/other alphabet soup chemicals is not very subtle at all.
works best with soups that are mostly broth/ liquid, like french onion or tomato soup.
also, their pork soup is the best thing on the menu.
aldi (chef 's cupboard) canned soup is better than campbell 's.
a good amount of fresh cracked peppercorns is similarly good in many soups, including tomato.
aldi (chef 's cupboard) canned soup is better than campbell 's.
 configuration soup is one of the biggest failures with modern frontend development.
 configuration soup is one of the biggest failures with modern software development.
the best potato for roasting, chowder, soups, and mashing is, yukon gold.
as for asian foods, chicken-based soup noodles and tom yum soups were her go-tos
chicken soup 's got a great bass patch and all, but the drums are the highlight of the drop.
while french onion soup and mussels are comparatively much easier to do... they  are also not really suited for partnering up.
the torpedo soup will not come back as lone as the 20km toros are unstable, so other buffs are fine.
there 's nothing like a great soup with some crusty bread : -)
try some of the arabian tomato soups, they  are pretty good and better than the other versions i tasted
also the soups -- the dairy free tomato bisque, the alphabet soup, the vegetable barley and the french country vegetable one
it looks good, but this is soup and i do not care if yall hate me for saying it
saigon ii has a very good curry soup, the best in the city.
all the pastries are good and also they have good soups
left over food was made to make " poor boy soup " which, is but best soup ever.
either way the theatrical cut is still a boring, uninteresting, soup of shit characters and insulting pandering.
going and helping in soup kitchens, picking up trash or visiting the elderly and handicapped would be much more rewarding and helpful to people.
wasabi is a little further up north, where i live, but has a spicy garlic miso that is the best soup in the city.
a shot of the red wine goes into the minestrone, that makes the soup a lot better.
do not tell my mother, but pea soup is one those foods that taste better from the can than made from scratch.
food banks, churches and soup kitchens as well as food stamps make food a lower priority.
the french onion soup is also amazing, definitely worth splitting a bowl.
their tomato parmesan soup was one of the best in town.
haha worst time skip ever is wild chives and soy bean soup - so annoying ! !
she had to make 2k a day in sales (mind spices and soup, impossible) or else she would get scolded by her boss
mm cold lettuce soup is second only to warm pureed carrots garnished with a daisy
their cochinita tacos are the best taco in town, but their panuchos, tamales, soups... all amazing.
using tap water for your soup should never be a concern.
second, what we are doing to iraq, is moreso terrorism than what iraq is doing to us.
the movie v was drawing parallels to george bush 's admin 's neocon fearmongering on terrorism and civil liberties.
terrorism is, a violent act carried out by extra-governmental agents to prove a point/make a statement.
maybe got canned because the us is currently fighting against terrorism and do not wish anyone romancing the idea of " freedom fighters "...
the distinction is important to whether you deem either of them terrorism, but, neither is terrorism.
a great example of how the senate should work happened in 2001 with the passage of c-36, the anti-terrorism act.
as countries go they are one of the most moral and least deserving of terrorism (if this is what this was) in the world.
both are, admitting political methods failed and just trying to terrify (thus 'terrorism ') people into acting the way they want.
islamic terrorism is largely motivated by social, political, and economic circumstances though.
the fear they have struck into " the cloud " now qualifies as terrorism.
the " war on terrorism " just as the " war on drugs " is bullshit.
terrorism = harm as many civilians as possible to make a statement.
terrorism is a slipper slope especially if the one accusing may be more guilty than all the accused combined.
terrorism to me is the purposeful targeting of unarmed civilians... that is never justified.
there 's no single legally-binding definition of terrorism, but one of the common (and, key) aspects is typically the targeting of civilians.
now to bypass all that and just read eng/ arabic hadith, is how terrorism is created/ atheism happens.
as i tried unsuccessfully to say, 'terrorism ' is an act used to influence people or governments to 'act like me/us '.
the only chance of success for an armed rebellion- - would hinge on widespread domestic terrorism.
also, the term 'terrorism ' should be struck from all forms of legislation.
the amount of murder, torture, corruption, war, sacrifice, mutilation, molestation, slavery, genocide, and terrorism religion has directly caused is inexcusable.
people in ny have a higher chance of dying from terrorism than someone in missouri.
thats a good quote considering our war on " terrorism ".
what comes to the " terrorism ", they are just another opposite leaders who want to get their hands on the money piles.
it is too early to determine whether or not his acts might meet a reasonable definition of terrorism.
kala, arular, and piracy funds terrorism are all 100x better than most of the stuff on matangi.
greenpeace employ terrorism tactics, so this group should 've had the book thrown at them
 terrorism experts  or " national security experts " are the worst.
, not listening to one side is what leads to terrorism.
assuming terrorism is the cause, at this point, is basically conspiracy theory.
being denied privacy and a safe place (bathrooms are like sanctuaries for me, honestly) to take a crap is bordering on emotional terrorism !
north korea, nukes, and terrorism are so damn uncreative and bland.
actually they were freemasons but their ideologies are definitely akin to terrorism.
pakistan - a hotbed for breeding terrorism, in a highly unstable region, with frequent terrorist attacks on their own soil.
as i said, both hamas and the israelis are instigators of terrorism.
then you pull out a definition, we can do this all day, because this falls under terrorism by the police.
not really a good example... drone strikes in yemen/pakistan, senseless wars like clockwork, supporting terrorism for geopolitical gain, etc.
terrorism is when an attack occurs with the intent to drive fear in others and amplify the danger beyond the immediate attack.
american imperialism fans the flames of extremism and is the root cause of terrorism.
terrorism seeks to, allow our government to make us more like terrorists.
wiki says one of their responsibilities is counter-terrorism, and these attacks definitely qualify as domestic terrorism.
the same kind of thing actually holds for muslims and terrorism.
unless you count not-yet-opened asylum center arson as terrorism which is quite far-fetched.
also domestic terrorism pails in comparison to jihadists which is why we are more focused.
religious leaders reinforcing the idea that using religious beliefs to justify violent acts is terrorism and is wrong, is a good thing.
the term " terrorism " is, by this point, obfuscatory (vague referent), dishonest (purposefully vague referent), and redundant (what effing attack is not terrifying).
yes, all acts of war can be considered terrorism, because the receiving side will be scared in the end.
not getting involved in these problems would go a long way in preventing terrorism.
all muslims are responsible for terrorism because they condone terrorism by being muslim.
honestly, we should just continue on with our daily lives and ignore the dangers of terrorism.
the bbc is right on this because no one refers to white people doing violent things as terrorism.
also, some marriages do best when the partners are more independent of one another.
on this count, going through extensive medical history and/or running fertility tests prior to giving a marriage license is an unreasonable burden.
the fact that she refuses to hold a vote for/against gay marriage is made all the more worse by her atheism though.
gay marriage, pot, even net neutrality (which is a social issue) are all misunderstood by the liberals and conservatives.
if that 's normal to you then your perspective on marriage/life sucks even more then your comment.
 a great flick, and one where such romantic notions of waiting for true love, even marriage, to have sex, are lauded.
marriage is only usefull to provide a stable environment for kids, so no marriage for me.
ps she is exactly like your wife in term of marriage.
also, we should push government out of marriage altogether and establish civil unions for all.
abstinance is a good choice until college but unrealistic for marriage.
equating that kind of marriage as something akin to just " poor taste " on your part needs further thought.
my girlfriend is a fanatic, yet she kinda.. burnt out after writing guides for all three games (marriage material : p).
even something like gay marriage would never get passed without federal intervention.
as far as i 'm concerned the right of refusal to perform marriage ceremonies that i described above is, intolerable.
staying the marriage for convenience or even for the kids while living a lie is just pure selfishness and should be penalized.
here the interesting question is not about rape but about arranged marriage in general.
the best marriages, are the ones that start when you  are out of your 20s and life is a bit more stable.
the human race did alright without marriage for a long time and will do fine with the complete opposite.
gay people have a mental illness and we should be helping them find a cure instead of introducing things like gay marriage.
not just weed, but if someone votes a candidate because they support abortion or do not support gay marriage, that is ignorant.
marriage in nothing more than a piece of paper and weddings are a royal waste of money.
marriage is a tradition and keeping the mans last name is part of that tradition.
the only part in which they really succeed, which is a big part, is marriage.
marriage just allows you to put more effort into making relationships work.
if we had legally binding contracts (civil unions) and then churches could dole out marriage certs, that would be better.
sister in law is by marriage, as in his brothers wife....
people who are against gay marriage are bigots and just as bad as any racists or anti semites.
marriage adds unnecessary stess and pressure and removes fun from a relationship.
if people could accept something like this, there would be far more happy marriages and fewer divorces.
the religious arguments against gay marriage, boil down to veiled bigotry, portrayed as moderate religious rules.
marriage never should have become a political issue in the first place.
definitely more of a 'team ' effort, which is how a marriage is supposed to work !
anti-war anti-drug war anti-corporatism and pro-civil liberties takes precedence over gay marriage right now.
failing this, the government should get rid of all federal recognition of marriage (this would create havoc in interstate laws, see below).
small fights are healthy, if you cannot settle an argument peacefully, then you are not ready for marriage.
marriage, is not about meeting someone you connect to, but both people being matured and in the same headspace.
a good way to draw that distinction, is to remove marriage (as a legal or religious entity) from the analysis first
marriage is such a personal thing, and the rings are supposed to be that physical embodiment of a bond between two people.
the argument that they will not procreate is actually a pro gay marriage point.
marriage should be an intimate relationship both emotionally, financially, and physically (at least).
if we did not have marriage, we 'd have to have something that 's basically the same thing, for legal/financial reasons.
just so you know, the first three years of a child 's life are the toughest on a marriage.
marriage aside, no one should have kids younger than ~28 and preferably closer to 30.
a healthy sex life is absolutely a component to a happy marriage.
bro, you need to fix that... thats not a very healthy way to run the marriage.
if he cannot share his concerns with her, he is poor marriage material.
the most important aspect of a successful marriage (and a successful life,), is simply seeing the good through the bad.
in fact, the whole point of marriage is removing the ejector seat.
in fact, i think a lot of what we call marriage should simply be handled by contract law...
given that, marriage would be another variable that could either hurt or help those plans and can be the cause of further worries.
this needs more upvotes, one more cancer in the heart of spain, corruption at all levels.
corruption by politicians/police/other civil servants is a more severe crime than one carried out by a civilian.
with that said i feel everything is much worse now violence, corruption, war....the luxury of technology is the only thing that has changed.
corruption runs rampant everywhere, and having only two parties in the first place is a horrible way to conduct politics.
underground hallow is still tough, but is way better than underground corruption/crimson.
the free market does a much worse job than government in providing essential services and the fraud and corruption part only gets worse.
starting by removing, or more likely, and a better solution is neutering the union, the biggest shield to police corruption.
other, and more important, goals of ows include getting rid of money/corruption in government and bank reform.
any exchange between groups that involves power can result in corruption and cruelty.
more so than all others.that 's why the anger online about corruption and such.
in the old testament, ishmael is about 16-17 when this happens (apparently, this is clear textual corruption from my perspective).
the closest system, that removes corruption, is a pure athenian democracy, which would be very difficult to adhere to.
common people do not care argument is just a distraction imo.the same argument can be made about any issue like corruption, development, economy etc.
the reason for scepticism is twofold : joining eu did not bring the expected prosperity and neither reduced the corruption, rather the opposite.
oracle song - not as good as relentless corruption in the long game
for example, not everyone in the occupy wall street movement wanted change in the system (like less corruption and better regulations).
not much weight behind the words of a councilman indicted on corruption charges,
lying about invading a country for some sort of interest, is corruption.
despite the budget, the ndp can (and should) claim that the many scandals and corruption justify an election.
being or not being your " friend " implies some level of corruption.
well corruption is a slow but working removal for strong, buffed creatures.
it doesnt even need corruption (though im guessing this touches on my following point anyway)
the corruption especially looks very nice when purified and made smoother.
profit oriented organizations trying to get law and tax exemption based on religion are the epitome of corruption imo..
the evidence for financial and political corruption is especially prevalent for the hpv vaccines (compared to other vaccines).
here are some recent surveys carried out by the eu on corruption in the uk.
the fact that there is appearance of corruption, (even if there is no actual corruption, which is a laughable assertion) is a problem.
corruption is much easier and the boss is much easier for newer players.
if these corruption claims are true then bringing solid proof to the community would change things very quickly
the horus heresy series details the corruption of roughly (if not exactly?)
lol and esports are getting big, big enough for corruption and scandal.
waste of money and only likely to increase the risk of corruption.
harvest life, should replace seed of corruption as the aoe for affliction with the multi-drain we used to have.
if you do not believe the free market is proper way to solve problems then the alternative is corruption.
denying the corruption/collusion in games mediais logically equal to climate change skepticism, holocaust denial, or anti-vaccination.
the move people were nuts imo.. but why the f ' does corruption still exist.
 just want to say i am complaining about lack of transparency, - i had before written down a rant about corruption.
not because of the downvotes themselves but because this is a discussion about corruption.
modi 's unilateral support is dangerous and will only perpetuate corruption in india.
pro-small government (big government equals corruption and way too much control.
though our system is a ridiculous bureaucratic cluster fuck, outright and blatant corruption (ie.
prof is a great guy - he 's so powerful, and has held out against the corruption for so long !
massive political donations from huge industries totalling in countless millions is in your face corruption
with akp 's rather cordial relations with isis, to the insane corruption going on in these parties, their policies have failed.
if you cover up others ' corruption you are culpable as well.
political system has the greatest effect on corruption really, and that 's always been that way.
aside from obvious corruption (see nyc), this kind of stuff is what gives states ammunition to roadblock sanctioned mma events
china may be run by the communist party but the corruption and corporation power is real over there, so they are more fed-like too.
a half-elf would, make your whole " corruption plan " far easier to pull off.
for corruption, i 'll just say that there 's always room for improvment, but america is going backwards.
things like basketball, baseball, tennis, golf, etc are far more popular globally.
american football and baseball are confusing as shit to non sports watchers, hockey is very high tempo, and basketball games suck.
baseball is a lazy mans sport, - but this game was fun to watch !
listening to a game on the radio when the radio broadcaster is a professional is a wonderful way to enjoy baseball.
hate to say this, but this is an awesome series between the two best teams in baseball
the show is easily the best baseball series out there, you should try that out
there 's a balance between rules and human decisions that baseball has had for 100 years and too much replay destroys that.
if he could, y'know, manage a bit better, he would actually be one of the best managers in baseball.
best in the league vs. best in the league is what 's best for baseball.
coming at someone with a baseball bat for doing nothing but riding their bike can get you shot.
the problem is how baseball is ran, not the lack of salary caps...
their only funny moment was the baseball episode when they both go up for the ball.
a healthy kemp is a top 5 offensive player in baseball.
oldie but the best baseball game ever created : mvp baseball 2005
being brazilian, soccer is my favorite sport and after baseball, basketball is probably the 2nd most boring sport to watch.
yadi is a smart baserunner, but he 's still below average because he 's one of the slowest people in baseball.
baseball, moreso than other sports, is about playing with what you have.
really the only way you can remove his vote is saying he " tarnished the image of baseball/bbwaa ".
gary thorne is probably the worst baseball announcer i 've ever had to listen to calling one of my home teams.
football is a game of chess between two teams of coaches, and baseball is not quite at that level.
baseball is better than ever as we move beyond the steroid era.
cricket is as fun to play as baseball if you limit the " innings " or overs.
baseball is as fun to watch in person as any other sport but i cannot sit down on my couch and watch nine innings.
night games are fun, but day games truly capture the spirit of baseball and wrigley field and wrigleyville.
until they change the rule about gambling, he should remain banned from baseball.
also they play rugby which is similar to american football, and cricket which is more elaborate than baseball.
the " face of baseball ", should have played a relatively clean career and have national appeal and recognition.
3b : this is one of the shallowest positions in fantasy baseball.
modern baseball is sort of a pop-emo band, but they have a heavy comparison to early say anything, which is a great sound.
once mr vinik buys the baseball team and moves them to tampa, american rules football will be all but dead
nothing against basketball, but i am a cricket fan so baseball is the bane of sports.
best offseason in baseball, and i think they definitely played under their ability in 2013.
not knowing how to speak english is not that much of a disadvantage in baseball.
baseball and soccer have by far the hottest men compared to other sports.
truly a wonderful baseball experience and one of the best ballparks in the league.
longer format playoffs are a better fit for a 6 month baseball season.
do not get me wrong, i am rooting for belt to be successful, but he 'll never reach bryce 's potential in fantasy baseball land.
baseball is usually just as long, but that 's a miserable sport to watch.
dion sanders played two sports but he did not make as much of an impact in baseball as he did football.
their was talk of a new downtown stadium before loria butchered the team, that would have saved baseball in montreal.
baseball, soccer, etc are not as easy to play in anything approaching a proper manner.
wow thanks, any fan of baseball is a good fan, team allegiance is ignored.
after so, so, so many years of disappointing baseball from the mariners, the phrase " because mariners " is valid.
finally they decide to wear a normal jersey... among the best in baseball.
birthday 's in the fall, fall baseball is always way more fun than spring ball.
football, pitt basketball (they do not do much nba) and baseball they are not bad with at least.
true, they both have baseball influences but jameis 's throw is not as bad as leftwich.
cueto is a good pitcher but not as good as we 've been seeing (best in baseball?)
the girl has to like baseball and feel a connection to the stadium.
watching cooking shows to hone skills, is honestly like watching a baseball game to work on your batting average.
which in some circles is considered cheese, and rad on burgers.
nokogiri is the best thing that is happened to ruby since sliced cheese.
apart from them few quirks the dutch are a nation of pretty cool big tall cheeseheads.
yeah, morrow read jinro's recent style and used a build to counter it without any ubercheese, so fair and respectable.
offering them cottage cheese instead of the standard is pretty lame.
butcher's hill cheese steak is better than a philly cheese steak.
proxy gates, sure, that is smells, but the other two wins from mc were not cheese.
also cheese, forcing a more micro game vs a player that has to deal with higher latency is a smart approach.
there are alternatives to cheese and while they do not taste the exact same they are good enough.
there is nothing wrong with fried onions or peppers on a cheese steak but there is something wrong with using whiz as the cheese.
 fleming's is great, too, with a chipotle mac-and-cheese that, i 'm sure, has crack in it.
id say almost any song off of sukh knights cheese louisse album.... there all bangers and a bit easier to start off with
cheese factory is better, better priced and plus there is always somewhere to sit.
all in or cheesed, its ok to leave without a gg.
 it strikes a good balance between sci-fi cheese and cleverness.
cream cheese + bacon wrapped dog would actually be pretty good :)
cheeseburger with buffalo meat (very lean meat) with a grilled bun
not paleo, but fermented hard cheese from pastured milk, like parmigiano-reggiano, is ok for most people.
tho sriracha is crucial, and it helps a lot to split the dog down the middle for better cream cheese application.
however, nothing beats a grilled or sauteed shiitake stuffed with cheese or hummus to impress the hell out of them.
annie's white cheddar is a superior boxed mac and cheese.
ham & amp ; cheese is one of the most disgusting meals you could eat.
another method (easier) is to use cooking cream and heat it up then add cheese and stir through.
but it is still an issue that a fairly simply cheese can essentially only be stopped with some advanced knowledge of the game.
 cottage cheese with fresh berries (blueberries, raspberries and pineapple work best)
do not go to banquise, it is overrated and their cheese curds taste funny
yeah with the cheese and the richness, you really need a crisp cool white to cut through it... a red would be overkill...
ok maybe hwangsin is a  cheeser , but it is easier to learn to macro then to micro (really good)..
the intense pickle doritos have cheese in the flavoring... it ruins them.
the cheese does not look too liberally applied (packed with protein and calcium anyway), and spinach is one the cheapest and healthiest greens for you.
try to use freshly shredded cheese rather than bagged, the bagged cheese is coated in flour (and not as good tasting !)
and when it comes to developing new strategies, they cease to be cheese once you show they  are stable.
the double-cheeseburger is a better balance of meat, bun, and topping.
and love the picture of farmer john's cheese curds, the best cheese at the farmer's market.
uh... it seems like you want to know an aggressive build, there really are not any for zerg other than cheese.
cheez-its are definitely better, but they are actually greasier than cheese nips.
there is no real opportunity to make cheesesteaks that stand out.
the only real things i consider are cheese would be (as a protoss player)
there is a bunch of one base builds that incorrectly get classified as cheese, like 3g void, 1-1-1, roach rush, etc.
only when you know how to cheese and defend cheese can you really move onto learning the macro game.
evian bottled water (and designer clothes,) is a total waste, but stuff like nice cheese is great if you can afford it.
stuff like the beef ravioli or cheese tortellini, that was pretty good.
sour cream, and cheese is also a good ingredient, but depending upon your preference might should be left out.
my go to has always been a chicken fajita burrito with rice, cheese, sour cream, and mild salsa (more flavor, less hot).
on the way up there you 'll pass a mac 'n cheese place called homeroom....pricey for comfort food, but it is really good.
the only one of these that even contains meat or cheese is the burger and it is usually overshadowed by the enormous bun...
 the holey kind (emmentaler) is one of the worst cheeses in switzerland.
soy milk is okay, but soy cheese does not really have the texture i expect from cheese.
combo of lettuce, salamai, provolone cheese, tomatoes, oil & amp ; vinegar dressing, and anchovies mixed together is very good.
first off..kraft mac and cheese is the worst on the market.
there is a lot of hybrid communism/socialism-libertarianism going on in the internet active youth.
faux-cyrillic is funny and helps a lot in creating hyperbolized stereotype-based communism style.
the rich should pay more, but when the government profits more from an individuals success than the individual does, that borders on socialism/communism.
the way the nfl and nba run things amounts to communism.
both capitalism and communism in their extreme forms are incredibly repressive systems, and neither really look after the good of the people involved.
communism, in and of itself, has never really been correctly implemented.
a fresh slate has the potential for some good communism to step in.
communism is considered by many leaderless, it needs no leaders just educated workers and dedicated organisers.
the point of communism is to be able to own your own labor and creativity.
also, nothing about stirner's writings are in conflict with communism/socialism, - only to the point where ideology supersedes reality.
if anything communism widens the gap of the poor and the rich or ruling elite.
the real problem with communism is that it is very hard to get information flowing.
in short : anarchist/libertarian communism yeah, but if capitalism, then state is not to interfere with it except providing welfare and basic infrastructure/services ]
and exactly why libertarianism is as effective a governing philosophy as communism
obviously and thing that even hinted at dislike for communism was instantly banned and the creator went to jail
libertarian policy is anarchist it is the political opposite of communism/collectivism and just as bad for society.
the biggest problem socialists have, is the fact that the ussr and communism in general arose from a socialist revolution.
now i know this is subjective but i use the belief analogy because that is what true communism is.
 full communism  suffers from the same dogmatism as a  free market  does.
communism is more honest and assumes people care about each other a little more.
communism, fascism, socialism, capitalism, etc, all of these terms have been used and abused to death.
we have seen models resembling communism occur among voluntary associations (israeli kibbutzim are the best, current examples).
eh, anarcho-capitalism looks pretty bad on paper, i 'd prefer anarcho-communism.
the problem with communism is the ability for a few selfish people to screw up the whole process, and quite quickly.
wealth equally distributed is one of the main points of communism
the revolutionary communism as espoused by mao and stalin is not very popular on reddit ; rightly so.
yes, every single attempt to implement communism, with the exception of cuba, has been in essentially pre-capitalist societies.
they were just plain old totalitarian rathet than anything resembling socialism or communism.
the problem with communism, is that it can only work in a post-scarcity society.
if you were to share 100 %, that would be a form of communism.
the ability to enjoy a society different than what communism offers is one of them.
so if you dont want to give communism the same excuse, you should not argue that way about islam.
other systems can work (specifically communism and anarchism) but they dont upscale very well at all.
capitalism has that element of not working and getting paid more than everyone else more than most forms of socialism, even communism does.
id like to see horizontally organized worker-controlled means of production, because thats how all goods would be produced in communism.
while your ideas are better than actual attempts at communism, they  are still not that great.
communism is a great idea, but its always been executed very badly.
 the reason communism has never worked, is because it has yet to have it is  george washington  figure.
rampant facism/communism for the 0.001 % would be a better way to put
no it would not because fascism and communism are two totally separate things.
the problem with communism is the same as with an anarchic state - it assumes that people are awesome and rational.
all the villages being a dictatorship (rise of communism that occured before apocalypse?)
the communism type economic system is still pretty heavy handed and oppressive.
in a religious age, it would be like a theocracy, in a secular age it would be like communism.
all world moved forward, but we could be years ahead if not for socialism and communism... now communism is only hidden.
also everyone would have the same sp, which would make it boring, nobody would be different, it would be like communism.
communism is still, far superior to any other system, and probably less corruptible.
any communism or socialism that operates on confiscation or forceful coercion, is a masquerading tyranny/totalitarianism/fascism.
marxism is not a bad system, and i do not really understand why so many people see communism as inherently bad.
in hungary, under one of the most batshit  communist  regimes, the vast majority of people say life was better under communism.
building better relationships with japan, etc is definitely in chinese interest, and the chinese leadership is much more rational than that of russia.
victoria nuland (nudelman) and the kagan's, robert, fred, kathy, etc are trying to start a war between the eu and russia.
the russians seem more than happy to have achieved their objectives without bloodshed or destruction of infrastructure.
(by the way, a nyt article written during us mass hysteria on that horrible russia is not a good source).
for this reason, and many others, despite the duties of russian soldiers, they do not deserve any kind of respect.
incredible portrayal of stalingrad and that crucial part of the war (btw the world should really do more to acknowledge russia for defeating germany,)
learning to fly is best done in russian planes in ab and following tier i planes in rb :
ki-43 hayabusa (japan), hurricane mki and mkii (british), p36g (us), mc202 (germany), i153 and i16 (russia, little bit more tricky).
current great powers would be : us (1), france (2), japan (3) china (4), germany (5), uk (6), russia (7).
as close to german as we 'd get, and, still better than tier 5 being american tanks vs. russian tanks
outside of geopolitics, cutting close ties with ukraine was an economic win for russia.
swedes, polish and russians are the worst and i 'm swedish.
seriously, snowden can enjoy his life easier when he does not go to russia
(you know, make him really looks like real hero,  defecting  to russia is treason)
well people with posts using old cold war mentality of russia-evil us-good are just as fallible.
both the west and russia are making things more dangerous for the people living in between them.
if these separatists are really led by russians then this seems like a good reason they would detain him.
massive oversight - the russian already have dolphins, plus they captured a whole bunch from ukraine when they took over crimea.
russian women have great names, and come in 3^rd place (right behind 1^st place chinese and 2^nd place japanese) in attractiveness.
russia has better military capabilities than their former ussr self, and russia vs european nato would be a stalemate.
eu cutting off their gas deals with russia would hurt far more than anything the us can do.
uk+france are paying 10x more than russia alone, which makes absolutely no sense.
a better battle would be us navy vs russia and china
now europe is facing russia as a threat and we should forget thing that happen over 70 years ago.
historically speaking, russia was somewhat like the wild west - lots of far flung, cold and isolated settlements and frontiers.
besides that the next best thing is having a strong vassal (like sweden or prussia) or a colonizer (england, muscovy, portugal, granada?).
 russia won wwii for the allies and history will back me up on that.
getting genious charater off-the-bat is cheat-ish, because you get empire of russia ridiculously fast, if you know how to play.
people on right which arrive with kalashnikovs are people sent by russia.
im not saying that russians went on rampage but casualities could be lower.
 states that the enemy has oligarchs on their side who pay for every dead person and for every crime against russians
russia is very self-interested (which all countries are,) but in a different way than the us is.
here in california, the best are : the bruery, russian river, firestone walker, and the lost abbey.
america with fresh troops in europe and pacific and russians without american aid anymore for a war, america would win.
militarily speaking, usa would currently be capable of handling both russia and china.
there is not a single server in russia....which is a big problem.
meh, russia is pretty bad too, what with their homophobia and stuff
belgium vs. russia is one of the more intriguing group matches.
russian  aggression  there was completely justified, and very well executed.
2 : germany italy england russia (this was the strongest pot, one finalist and one semifinalist as we later saw.
the move russia made to acquire crimea looks very opportunistic in my eyes, and they exploited the unstability of ua for their territorial gains.
finland was an autonomic province of russia back then :) some of those buildinga are cool
because arming rebels has had such good results in the past for both the us and russia...
the only major contenders are russia and china, and their interests and ideologies are too different for any sort of alliance to form.
the russian military was superior having faced the best (and the greatest strength) of the wermacht and crushed them.
the russian medium line with the t-54 & amp ; obj 140 is my favorite, but requires more skill to play well.
one's which comes close to indian beauty are russian chicks.
yeah she is pretty spot on to romanoff other than her height and of course being naturally russian.
the problem with the game is that russia are basically only looking to attack on the counter.
korea needs to rethink their attack because son already has a yellow card and has been unable to shake the russian marking.
one of the biggest issue with the pro-lifers, is that abortion is a substitute for birth control.
definitely a terrorist, but most of the other abortion clinic attackers are a bit more in a gray area.
every girl that goes into a clinic after " making a mistake " and wishes to keep her convenient life is pro-abortion.
the rest are not adequate justification for a late term abortion...
late term abortion, is wrong and it is doing only harm to the pro-choice movement.
a better barometer of this, is whether or not the person allows for abortion in cases of rape and incest.
true, but being pressured into an abortion is not exactly the same as a simple pregnancy.
bottom line is that she made the decision, if she did not want an abortion she would not have had one.
(abortion, is only permissable in cases of rape, incest, or failed birth control).
my point is that people are outraged at abortion but no one cares about shit like this that happens that is way worse.
abortion should never be used as a form of " birth control, ".
abortion should be a very serious decision and not taken lightly.
no one *should* get an abortion ever, but it 's not about *my* opinion.
though there is no legit reason to oppose stem cell research and abortion.
abortion is not a form of contraception, but is a choice there for people who have accidentally fallen pregnant.
does not matter what you  are outlook on it is, she is allowed to do whatever she wants (within abortion rights i.e.
unfortunately, the people who oppose things of this nature are also the ones lobbying for the criminalization of abortion, which does not really make sense.
but that being said, abortion is morally wrong and should be banned outright and the existence of it forgotten.
um, your planned punishment for abortion would fall in this category.
the inconsistency, comes from his statement that other justifiable reasons to kill people are not allowed, thus abortion should not be allowed.
so i am not religious but, abortion is fine in the first trimester.
if she was against abortion, you should have never slept with her.
there 's nothing wrong with keeping the baby, and doing so is always preferable to abortion.
this influence tends to be based on very few issues - abortion rights being the most powerful.
(btw, abortion is a tragedy ; and so is the death penalty.
those will all do a better job of reducing abortions - which is the real goal - than making it illegal.
the only moral choice, is to make abortions legal and educate the populace so they are as rare as possible.
all of this talk about second and third trimester abortions shouldn't, come up in the first place.
creating addional barriers as part of a consistent agenda designed explicitly to reduce access to abortion is, not benign and certainly not value-neutral.
right now, the states are making their own rulings on abortion, which is fine.
saying that a person is no longer pregnant sound like it was an abortion or miscarriage.
not just weed, but if someone votes a candidate because they support abortion or do not support gay marriage, that is ignorant.
unfortunately, many of those who are against abortion are also against these things (which really hurts their argument,).
especially if you consider that he is likely traumatized by a (botched) late term abortion.
a financial abortion, as in relegating men into sperm donor status who do not want to become fathers, is the way to go pre-birth.
if you accept the premise (their definition of life) then their stance on abortion is logically sound.
very early abortion is better than actually better than getting pregnant.
the problem to abortion is when the *thing* becomes the *being*.
virtually no one would be okay with an abortion at 8 months, so we need to decide where we draw the line.
well just want to say that if she ends up needing an abortion she does not really deserve one.
even the abortion debate, which is his biggest con, he does not want the feds to get involved in.
that means any abortion occurring in the 3rd trimester should be illegal.
he 's personally anti-abortion, but would let it be up to individual states, which is how it should be in the first place.
if you  are anti-abortion you should love the plan-b, if you  are pro-choice you should love plan-b.
if she is basing her decision to pursue adoption/abortion based solely on her dreams of college, than this is unwise.
he wants to leave the legality of abortion up to the states, which, is not going to go well for a lot of women.
in the usa the only thing that is being discussed is cutting taxes, abortion and the gays.
a doctor should have more authority on the abortion issue than a non doc.
this is gon na sound callow, but, until the troops are home all the abortion/anti-abortion nuts can go play in traffic.
and abortions because of the sex of the baby or other such factors are just wrong.
the asian joke was actually a compliment to asians, so reverse racism which is not bad at all.
obama is more of a benefactor of reduced racism than he is a cause of it.
all of which is cultural stuff, nothing to do with racism.
what is more fucked up is the israeli governments official policy to maintain a jewish majority, which is institutionalized racism.
just that systematic racism (the worst kind,) is only from whites to minorities and rarely (if ever) the reverse.
labeling a woman as a " slut '' is so incredibly disrespectful and, is a prejudice akin to racism.
but phrases like " that black guy '' or " the hispanic dude '' should not be looked upon as racism.
he actually should have played more games rather than go than fall into his own fantasy of narcissism, racism and nationalism.
racism is a socialized prejudice that can absolutely be wiped out, for the betterment of the human race.
of course, there is an irrational element to these fears, but calling it racism is derailing and political.
just having a trial for racism is dumb, and solves nothing.
faggot is the one everyone is ok at using though, and it 's because homophobia (or, i prefer, heterosexism) is more accepted than racism.
excusing casual racism for select groups targeting other select groups promotes racism further for all parties.
so, it 's either your racism or the internet 's racism.
this is not a *real* sort of racism, but for some reason, all of scandenavia pick on the swedish.
discrimination against any ethnicity is usually called racism, you  are over literalising the word.
racism is never justified, and there 's no scale in its 'justification ' either.
uh no transphobia is just as stupid as racism and homophobia.
regardless of intention it is simple racism, is wrong and does more to distort the field of equality discussions rather than address it.
saying that he likes to point that out is just as bad as racism.
this is only, backed up by the fact that a lot of libertarians are fearful rednecks with tons of racism, hatred, and weaponry.
fantasy racism/politics and real-world racism/politics need not (and, should not) overlap.
racism is treating someone differently based on their race, this could be good or bad.
anti white racism is on the rise, with white being seen as a target in some suburb (due to chirac then sarkozy 's policies).
true, but we should be working towards no racism rather than fixing prior racism with " helpful '' racism.
this anti-serb xenophobia is no better than the vile racism on show last night.
racism is the subconscious bias that is driving the intense and irrational distrust of obama.
and about racism in other posts here : as a european locodoco came off more racist than the others.
also feminism does not really address problems like racism and homophobia very effectively.
also " communist who hates the united states '' and " not really american '' both = racism and/or faux news brainwashing
my family like to bitch about immigrants coming here and doing criminal acts, which is not really racism
racism is terrible but english speaking countries are waay too pc.
fat shaming and/or body shaming can be just as bad as racism or homophobia.
racism, is having a predisposition toward someone of another skin color.
if looked at with an open mind no matter what race you are u should notice the racism in it.
in all seriousness for the time this felt with racism in a way idiots could understand and this was the best episode ever
also, the idea that people that talk about subtler forms of antisemitism (or racism, etc) are somehow to blame for prejudice is complete bullshit.
racism was a much bigger factor than the lumber companies or any other business interests.
portland is a great place to live if you are white, but casual racism here is huge.
if you marry someone you believe is inferior, you  are doing racism wrong
racism, is treating anyone differently based on their appearance, or insignificant genetic differences.
there is a huge difference between the stereotypical 'reverse racism ' and racism.
conspiracism kills legitimate dissent and buries the appetite for political movements that would actually effect change under extreme cynicism.
he is aggressive in his racism and may be a dangerous person.
he handled it great and it were only two or three dudes bringing up the racism as far as i can see it.
no racism there, but that would be a worse thing to say.
because racism towards whites does not really do anything, outside of cause mild annoyance, at least.
racism is a disease of the mind and same with nationalism
just because he can cite obscure pre-civil war law to justify his racism does not mean he 's not a troll.
racism is the prejudice against other cultures through identification of physical appearance and cues.
gun control in america is a rather difficult topic since you have such a large number of guns already.
the magazine limitation thing, at least, is really just something that helps people that are pro-gun control feel safer.
and to be honest i do not know a lot about gun control laws, but easy access cannot help solve the problem.
obviously things are way too far down the line in the us, but there should be much stricter gun control.
there should have been nationwide gun control a long, long time ago.
the uk is the best example of what extensive gun control does in a fairly diverse population.
so what do you think of politicians and people who put gun control above everything else ?
the average 18-30 year old seems far more receptive to gun control than their elders.
so things are pretty fucked for you guys in relation to gun control, i think the status quo will hold, sorry = (
the fundamental problem with gun control is that *criminals do not care*, that 's why they  are called criminals.
the whole plan is to go after low-education voters who tend to be " oh, common sense gun control ?
hong kong 's gun control is one of the tightest in the world so it 'd be unfair to compare directly.
considering that most professors lean liberal, they 'd rather not produce evidence that would hurt gun control efforts.
dc runs more gun control and affirmative action liberal, less gay marriage and pot liberal
and, passing stricter gun control laws in order to stem gang related violence is simply not working.
gun control laws is probably the best piece of legislation he passed
port arthur massacre happens, and we get sweeping gun control, one of the best things howard ever did.
sounds like it was the will of the people and the chick who is pushing this is, a gun controller.
stricter gun control laws would be a step in the right direction.
one of the reasons, why the us population 's stance on gun control is so different than many other (especially western) nations '.
universal access to basic healthcare and decent support for unemployed folks would do more then gun controls.
gun control, while unnecessary and ineffective, is at least an attempt at a solution.
rural and urban areas could, be treated completely differently vis-a-vis gun control.
yes, there is not a gun control problem in the us its a mental health problem.
but that extent is very small, so current gun control measures are misguided at best and unconstitutional.
since i believe gun control does more harm than good, advocating it would be the morally inferior position.
although it 's less about gun control and more about mental health in this country.
but this is not a direct consequence as knee-jerk opponents of gun control tend to think.
extreme gun control would result in the same problem we had with prohibition.
while sanders does not mention it, gun control is one of these issues.
that article is the final nail in the coffin for any claims that " gun control '' is about reducing crime.
looked and sounded extremely weak and inexperienced on gun control and fp, foreign policy being the more important out of the two.
but gun control has never been about finding compromise, it 's a long play strategy to roll back us gun ownership.
maybe someone might try and tie it into gun control, but it will be redirected back to foreign affairs pretty quickly.
the tangent about the prayers vs gun control kind of ruined an otherwise good point.
this is the proper response for most of the popularly proposed gun control over the last few decades.
the best way to go about gun control is to stop the sale of guns at some date a few years in the future.
anyway, it was a mistake for gun control advocates to start using the term " gun-free zone ''.
education and social reforms, will go further than any type of gun control.
first of all, that 's not even a moderate pov when it comes to proponents of gun control.
... that 's not even a moderate pov when it comes to proponents of gun control
my views on gun control* concern what i think the laws should be.
tldr : gun control pushes cause people to make purchases they were already considering sooner.
honestly neither of those things are really important when discussing gun control since they are just random anecdotes
the key to this is similar to the debate on gun control.
ps, sanders is one of the only dems we 'll see in the near future who 'll be reasonable on gun control.
he did a good job, obamacare is good, gun controls are good, and mitt romney would 've cocked it up.
however, you can only be so in favor of gun control if you believe in rule of law.
that 's what i 'm waiting for him to punctuate because his stances on gun control are not being framed correctly.
we 've got enough correlation data to support the case and pass tighter gun control laws.
