In the nineteenth century, the philosophies of the Enlightenment began to have a dramatic impact, with the groundbreaking works of philosophers such as Immanuel Kant and Jean-Jacques Rousseau influencing new generations of thinkers.
In the late eighteenth century, a movement known as Romanticism began that affirmed strong emotions as an authentic, non-aesthetic experience and gave new emphasis to emotions such as fear, horror, horror and awe.
Key ideas that triggered changes in philosophy were the rapid advancement of science; evolution as postulated by Vanini, Diderot, Lord Monboddo, Erasmus Darwin, Lamarck, Goethe, and Charles Darwin; and what could today be called an emerging order, such as Adam Smith's free market within nation states.
The pressure for egalitarianism and faster change culminated in a period of revolution and turbulence, in which philosophy also changed.
During the turbulent years from 1789 to 1815, European culture was transformed by revolution, war and upheaval.
The end of many of the social and cultural props of the last century created the conditions for dramatic economic and political change.
European philosophy reflected, participated in and drove many of these changes.
The last third of the eighteenth century produced a wealth of ideas and works that both systematized earlier philosophy and posed a profound challenge to the basis of the systematization of philosophy.
Immanuel Kant is a name that most would call one of the most important influences, as is Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
Although both philosophers were products of the 18th century and its assumptions, they pushed to the limits.
In trying to explain the nature of the state and government, Rousseau would challenge the basis of government by declaring that "man is born free, but is chained everywhere."
While Kant tried to maintain axiomical skepticism, he was forced to argue that we do not see or talk about true reality.
All we know about reality is appearances.
Since all that we can see of reality is appearances, subject to certain necessary and subjective forms of perception, Kant postulates the idea of the unknowable (while at the same time limiting our use of science and the principle of causality to appearances).
Hegel's distinction between the unknowable and the unknown can be seen as the beginning of Hegel's rational system of the universe.
Another philosopher of the late Enlightenment who was influential in the 19th century was Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749-1827), whose formulation of nomological determinism is still famous today.
This is a partial list of the philosophical schools of the 19th century (also known as late modern philosophy).
One of the first philosophers to deal with Kant's philosophy was Johann Gottlieb Fichte, whose development of Kantian metaphysics became a source of inspiration for the Romantics.
In the doctrine of science, Fichte argues that the self sets itself and is a self-producing and changing process.
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, a pupil of Fichte, developed many of these ideas further and was also assimilated by the Romantics as something of an official philosopher of their movement.
But it was another of Fichte's students and former flatmate of Schelling who would rise to become the most prominent of the post-Kantian idealists: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
His work revealed the increasing importance of historical thought in German thought.
Arthur Schopenhauer, who rejected both Hegel and materialism, demanded a return to Kantian transcendentalism, adopting, among other things, atheism and determinism.
His secular thinking became more popular in Europe in the second half of the nineteenth century, coinciding with the rise of Darwinism, positivism, Marxism, and philological analysis of the Bible.
It is a question of whether or not this is a terrorist attack.
This school of thought survived until the beginning of the next century and influenced philosophical movements such as neo-positivism and the phenomenology of the 20th century.
One of the most famous opponents of idealism in the first half of the 19th century was Ludwig Feuerbach, who advocated materialism and atheism.
In early nineteenth-century Britain, Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill propagated the idea that actions are right because they maximize happiness, and happiness alone.
Marxism, developed by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels in the mid-to-late nineteenth century, is a socio-political and economic vision based on the philosophy of dialectical materialism, which opposes idealism to materialism.
Marx analyzed history itself as the progression of the dialectic in the form of the class struggle.
From this it is argued that "the history of all existing society is the history of class struggles." According to Marx, this began with the phase of primitive communism (hunter-gatherer society), after which the Neolithic revolution gave way to slave societies, passed into feudal society, and then passed into its present era of the Industrial Revolution, after which the next step for the proletariat was to overthrow the owners of industry and build a socialist society that would continue to develop into a communist society in which class differences, money, and the state would be completely extinct.
Marxism had a profound influence on the history of the 20th century.
Existentialism as a philosophical movement is actually a movement of the 20th century, but its most important predecessors, Søren Kierkegaard and Friedrich Nietzsche, wrote long before the rise of existentialism.
In the 1840s, academic philosophy in Europe, following Hegel, was almost completely disconnected from the concerns of individual human life, in favor of abstract metaphysical systems.
Kierkegaard tried to reintroduce philosophy in the spirit of Socrates: subjectivity, devotion, faith and passion, all of which are part of human existence.
Like Kierkegaard, Nietzsche saw the moral values of nineteenth-century Europe disintegrate into nihilism (Kierkegaard called it the leveling process).
Nietzsche tried to undermine traditional moral values by revealing their foundations.
To this end, he distinguished between master and slave morality, claiming that man must turn away from the meekness and humility of European slave morality.
Both philosophers are precursors of existentialism, partly because of their importance for the "great man" against the age.
Kierkegaard wrote of nineteenth-century Europe: "Every age has its own characteristic depravity.
Ours is perhaps not pleasure or enjoyment or sensuality, but a dissolute pantheistic contempt for the individual. "Auguste Comte, the avowed founder of modern sociology, held that only the rigorous arrangement of verifiable observations should constitute the sphere of human knowledge.
He had hoped to arrange the sciences in increasing complexity from mathematics, astronomy, physics, chemistry, biology, and a new discipline called "sociology," which is the study of "the dynamics and statics of society."
The American philosophers Charles Sanders Peirce and William James developed pragmatic philosophy in the late 19th century.
The twilight years of the nineteenth century in Britain saw the rise of British idealism, a revival of interest in the works of Kant and Hegel.
Transcendentalism was rooted in Immanuel Kant's transcendence and German idealism, led by Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau.
The main belief was in an ideal spiritual state that "transcends" the physical and empirical and is realized only through the intuition of the individual, rather than through the teachings of established religions.
It is a question of whether or not this is a terrorist attack.
